## Privacy Policy

56kbit built the Hockey Horns Live app as an Ad Supported app. This Service is provided by 56kbit at no cost and is intended for use as-is.

This Privacy Policy is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Information if anyone decided to use this Service.

If you choose to use this Service, then you agree to the collection and use of Information in relation to this policy. The Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

[Firebase Cloud Messaging for Android](https://firebase.google.com/) and [Apple Push Notification Service for iOS](https://developer.apple.com/notifications/) are used for notifications.  The app will store your device token (a unique identifier assigned by Google or Apple to a specific app on a specific device) and team preference on 56kbit's private secure server.  This data is used to send notifications to your device.  No personally identifiable information can be derived from a device token.

The app uses third party services that may make use of your device's Advertising Identifier ([Advertising ID on Android](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertising_ID) and [IDFA on iOS](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/user-privacy-and-data-use/)).  You can opt out of Advertising Identifier usage in your OS settings.

Privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
*   [Firebase Analytics](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)

**Log Data**

For diagnostics and error debuggign purposes, Log Data may be collected (through third-party services). This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

Hockey Horns Live does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. 

**Third-party Companies and Individuals**

I may employ third-party companies or individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties will not have access to any of the Information decribed in this Privacy Policy. 

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by 56kbit. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. 

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at [mailto:ben@56kbit.com](ben@56kbit.com).

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
